1. when we start, we use the introduction that's already been done, the meme is pretty good
2. facts about my starting the team... I might have some trouble with this one
	a. what facts do I want to add? basically, flaunting how good our outreach is
	b. perhaps I want to link the introduction to my desire for standardization?

3. The "ALL YOUR LEDS BELONG TO US" (potentially replace) infuriated me. It's not a big deal
	I can just take it apart---but when things become emotionally charged, it's my job to defuse emotions. What's the difference between a fight here and a typical fight in leadership? Well, I can probably try to connect whatever's here, to an analysis of something unique to me.

Jesus, take the wheel is an interesting song, because Jesus tells people to love, but when it comes to things like communication, people expect me to be quiet. but no! i wouldn't do that.

potentially, I can write something about my powerful emotion of trying to keep everyone in line while also making sure they 

When I first created FRC 9114, the predominant notion was that 



The predominant notion was that we were left to our own devices. and that we were supposed to cover all our bases. individually.
well, i was really mad at some people baecause they didn't take FRC seriously? no, we should frame it as everyone takes FRC seriously. Perhaps I can say that I want to be an ethical leader, but dissidents make everything hard, and I had to find a way to defuse it. but that's fine. but it's very abstract and has no tie to my identity, except maybe my OCD. but I also don't want to say something like that; I want to connect it to something neutral or positive about myself, but could be seen as a negative in this respect.

Let me try to do something like that: The political issue is that dissidents make everything hard, and their small pieces of resistance infuriated me. But that hints at a deeper level of analysis we should do: something unique to our team, and me, that we did to solve things.

Something unique about our robotics team is that we have a big focus on soft skills. and I used that to ethically boost our civil discussion, reduce dissidents, and make ourselves more united through synchronization.

Much like fireflies synchronize their flashes?
