There it is. A 4-foot-wide luminescent replica of the "all your base" meme, C.A.T.S. commander's coy expression staring out. "ALL YOUR LEDS ARE BELONG TO US," the glowing inscription read. Its creators, three members of FIRST Robotics Competition Team 9114, grinned sheepishly at me, knowing that those lights were supposed to go on the robot.

I've been doing robotics for eight years. But only recently have I realized my dreams for a truly student-led organization. In eleventh grade, I became the sole founder of FRC 9114 and devoted myself to covering "all your base" that belong to FRC 9114.

But my experience with this particular very-student-led team came with its own, unique mindset challenges. One such challenge was pride. It's evident that, in a team where students have the greatest stake, soft skills should be the first point of education. However, instead, I became focused on empowering the tasks of the team rather than the people of the team. I wanted to cover "all your base."


dissidents? ants scheming behind my back? no, it's just all your base, but it infuriated me. 




potentially this characterizes me as "not manly" because I'm doing a bunch of public speaking? but I did try to rule with an iron fist near the start, just equitably because I thought I would be able to do that, covering all your base. But my team members yearned for their own voice, and I realized that for a functioning student-led organization, this was a major point.



Thus, the "ALL YOUR LEDS" meme infuriated me because it hinted 

In a student-led team, common passion is much more important than common knowledge. But is that abstract information useful? How does it relate to dissidents, and my own sense of responsibility for the team in spite of many people's characterization of me that I'm supposed to be quiet and sniff solder fumes in the corner?

Basically, because it's student-led, and because I have this sense of responsibility that stems from my knowledge of soft skills, I found it much easier to suppress dissidents from this concept that common passion is more important than common knowledge.

this is too much information! what do I mean when I say that I want to try to cover all my base?


